Foundry Integration Doc Updates (#356)
Certora/Documentation: docs/cvl/foundry-integration.md

any issue.
```

# Usage (Automatic Setup)

> In Prover version 7.25.1, the flag {ref}`--foundry` was introduced. This flag will automatically collects all test files (`.t.sol`) in the current directory.

Author: ```suggestion
In Prover version 7.25.1, the flag {ref}`--foundry` was introduced. This flag automatically collects all test files (`.t.sol`) in the current directory and executes the Prover in foundry mode. 
```
